Hypothesis:
In our study, we are interested in investigating if the temperature, light intensity above sea grass, saturated aragonite and saturated oxygen can act as the main indicators to respond to the bleaching process within a site. During the investigation, we’ll be looking at the summer season in the year of 2016 and 2017 when the GBR has experienced a massive bleaching event, and we hypothesize that fluctuation in those indicators corresponds to the changes in coral bleaching rate.
Summary of the study: 
The summer season from 2016 to 2017 has been a tough challenge for the Australian government to deal with due to the mass bleaching event that happened at the Great Barrier Reef (GBR). This event has been recognized as one of the most severe bleaching events in history and it has disrupted the whole ecosystem by this high mortality rate in corals, especially in the northern regions of reefs. Numbers of studies have been done on the causes behind bleaching, but uncertainty still stands on account of variety in parameters. Therefore our study has proposed four indicators that potentially play critical roles during the process of bleaching, those are aragonite saturation rate, temperature, light intensity and oxygen saturation rate respectively. For the analysis of the data, three monthly daily data of sampled sites on northern GBR are retrieved from the eReefs, and have been analyzed and compared by using language python on Jupyter notebook. The plot results have shown that the correlation does stand between the proposed indicators and coral bleaching rate across three sample sites. However, a specific indicator as aragonite saturation has shown an uncertain response to the changes in bleaching rate. 
Analysis Plan:



